I will come back on this video here.
We're going to do a little refactoring first a little turning this equerries into functions because
still now right.
We did this live right here the first time and it turned out great.
Right so we put it in the back and it functions file here.
So let's do that with this one here.
Also we need to start getting into the habit of putting everything into functions.
So let's go ahead and go to take this out of here.
Actually I'm going to use a feature here that you probably have not seen yet and that's just click here
and we're going to split it in half.
You want to put a file here and it's going to be here on the right side.
Well this is for the people that are using this coeditor.
By the way.
So if you're now using this code don't worry about it.
And I'm going to use this working Fauzi a lot better than using the right.
The one at the bottom there for some reason because I'm not so used to using this editor that's why
you probably see me looking right here.
But anyway everything is up here and everything is close here.
So you can see there there's got to a logging of day here.
And let's take this out of here.
All right let's take it out.
This is actually take it out with that ph B tag that we need.
There we go.
All right.
Let's make this a little bigger.
Remember this is functions actually right here.
They just bring it down to the right hand panel right here which is I just dragged it down and we're
going to call this function.
This function is actually responsible for updating.
All right so this is the old they function function.
So let's just do it right.
Just making sure that tax I correctly that's why I click on it that way I can see these on the line
little line there and you're going to pull some space here and we don't actually need that tag by the
way.
So we didn't we didn't have it here but we do.
All right.
And we don't need this if it is.
So maybe we don't need that.
So let's go back to this and let's just leave it here.
All right.
Just leave it here.
And while we're going to be putting here let's just leave everything here.
We don't need it.
Well we're going to be putting Here is the function.
All right.
So we got it set here and we're going to have to call the function when the when the form is submitted.
So let's call Let's first make this function here because we have a make Let's wrap this whole thing
into a function.
So we're going to call this function update update
table array of the table.
Wrap it up.
So now every time we want to add as all this content here we're just going to call this this function.
Let's go back to the right panel to the left panel and they just pull all the information there here
and let's see if the function works.
It's a matter of fact we have to bring the global connection.
This one here we have to also take it to this function right here.
So make sure that's there.
All right.
OK.
Perfect.
So let's go to this file here.
Logging on the score of day and let's try it seven and let's call it the IP man and let's just say some
bogus password here.
Update It looks like it worked.
Let's check it out.
Seven and a worked.
All right so we were able to refactor I'm not going to make this video too long.
All right.
So let's go ahead on the next one and then finally I think we'll have to do anything else here.
Let's finally go ahead and start
deleting stuff from our database.
Right.
So anyway see you in the next video.
Take your